DOC-2635 feat(globalVariables): add global variables documentation (#11)
tigergraph/insights-docs: modules/widgets/pages/list-and-map.adoc

= List and Map Support

> The LIST and MAP query parameter types are now supported in Insights.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of version 4.2, the LIST and MAP query parameter types are supported in Insights.
```

> . First create a GSQL query with list or map parameters in graph studio or gsql shell.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. First create a GSQL query with list or map parameters in GraphStudio or a GSQL shell.
```
